Update UI to be a subtree of the Antora default UI (#1906)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: ui/docs/modules/ROOT/pages/copy-to-clipboard.adoc

You can try this behavior below:

[,ruby]
----
puts 'Take me to your clipboard!'
----

IMPORTANT: Copy to clipboard only works for a local site or if the site is hosted over https (SSL).
The copy to clipboard does not work on an insecure site (http) since the clipboard API is not available in that environment.
In that case, the behavior gracefully degrades so the user will not see the clipboard button or an error.

== Console blocks

The default UI also adds a clipboard button to all console blocks.
A console block is either a literal paragraph that begins with a `$` or a source block with the language `console`.

The script provided by the default UI will automatically strip the `$` prompt at the beginning of each line and join the lines with `&&`.
In <<ex-console-copy-paste>>, since the language is `console` and each line begins with a `$`, the console copy-paste logic is triggered.

.Copy to clipboard for a multi-line console command
[#ex-console-copy-paste]
------
[,console]
----
$ mkdir example
$ cd example
----
------

When a user uses the copy-to-clipboard button, they will copy the combined command `mkdir example && cd example` instead of the literal text shown.

> This can be useful for tutorial examples that a user is expected to copy-paste to run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can prove valuable for tutorial examples where users are required to perform copy-paste operations to run them.
```
